Feature/argument formatting and display/cu 1yyg84t (#27)
Kubitomakita/Advanced-Cron-Manager: readme.txt

= [Next] =
* [Changed] Updated dependencies (Node >= 12)

> * [Added] Preview modal for arguments that contain objects, arrays or are longer than 10 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Event argument preview - arguments that contain objects, arrays, or are longer than 10 characters are now nicely formatted inside a modal.

```
